FAQs:[CDS-96084]: FAQs for 29th April (#6485)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

Harness does not enforce any policy regarding fetching the latest image tags.
To debug this error, consider the following implementations:
- Ensure the correct image tag is specified in the YAML configuration.
- For more details, go to [Latest Published Tag](https://developer.harness.io/kb/continuous-delivery/articles/last-published-tag/).

#### Does Harness support coverage testing in Python? Additionally, can coverage testing be used alongside split testing?

Yes, Harness supports code coverage testing alongside split testing in Python.
Go to [Code coverage in Harness CI](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-tests/code-coverage) and [Split tests (parallelism) in Harness CI](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-tests/speed-up-ci-test-pipelines-using-parallelism) for more information.

#### Does the `/rebase` command functional when used from the PR comment?

Yes, Harness supports the `/rebase` command from PR comments.

> If encountering a failure, please verify that there are no conflicts present in the git branch being utilized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If encountering a failure, verify that there are no conflicts present in the git branch being utilized.
```

> Please refer to Harness documentation for more info on: [Git Repository Merge PRs](https://developer.harness.io/docs/code-repository/pull-requests/merge-pr/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [Git Repository Merge PRs](https://developer.harness.io/docs/code-repository/pull-requests/merge-pr/) for more information.
```

#### Does Harness support storing the Terraform Plan on the Harness Delegate temporarily?

> Yes, Users can now store the terraform plan on the delegate and leverage it in the apply step. This now bypasses the restriction to store the plan in a secrets manager and let users store it locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, users can now store the terraform plan on the delegate and leverage it in the apply step. This now bypasses the restriction to store the plan in a secrets manager and let users store it locally.
```

Then when displaying the `failure rate` for the last 30 days you would see `15%` and you would see that your `failure rate` increased by `300%`!
So the statistic will have a red arrow pointing up marked as a `300%` increment in failure rate. 

This value accurately measures the change in the failure rate, from 5% to 15%. 

> #### Can one effectively enforce the reconciliation of changes in the template with the consuming pipelines in a forceful manner?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Can one effectively enforce the reconciliation of changes in the template with consuming pipelines in a forceful manner?
```

Yes, one can utilize Open Policy Agent (OPA) to enforce the use of a stable template, ensuring consistency across consuming pipelines.
Here's an example OPA policy:
```yaml
package pipeline

template := "account.deploystagetemplate"
stableVersion := "v2"

# Deny a pipeline if the stage uses the template above
# without the stable version stated
deny[msg] {
	stage = input.pipeline.stages[_].stage

	# Check if the stage matches but doesn't have a template
	stage.template.templateRef == template
	stage.template.versionLabel != stableVersion

	# Show a human-friendly error message
	msg = sprintf(
		"Stage %s, has template %s, with version %s, it should be version %s",
		[stage.name, template, stage.template.versionLabel, stableVersion],
	)
}
```

> One can always update the template versions manually, please refer to Harness documentation for more info on: [Reconcile Pipeline Templates](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/templates/reconcile-pipeline-templates/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always update the template versions manually. Go to [Reconcile Pipeline Templates](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/templates/reconcile-pipeline-templates/) for more information. 
```

> #### How can one effectively manage remote environments and infrastructures within Harness-SMP?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How can one effectively manage remote environments and infrastructures within Harness SMP?
```

To enable remote environments and infrastructures in your Service Management Platform (SMP), follow these implementation guidelines:

- Make sure your SMP is updated to the latest version. 

> - Activate the feature flag (FF) called `CDS_ENV_GITX` on the designated environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Activate the feature flag, `CDS_ENV_GITX` on the designated environment.
```

> Please refer to the Harness documentation for more info on: [Manage Harness environments and infrastructures from Git](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/git-experience/manage-environments-infra-definitions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [Manage Harness environments and infrastructures from Git](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/git-experience/manage-environments-infra-definitions) for more information.
```

#### Does Harness support the use of OpenID Connect(OIDC) for connecting to various systems such as Amazon Web Services(AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP)?

> Yes, our current capability includes support for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Amazon Web Services (AWS) in terms of OIDC integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, we currently support OIDC integration for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Amazon Web Services (AWS).
```

Within the next three months, we aim to further enhance this support, facilitating authentication, short-lived token acquisition based on Harness context, and various operational tasks like deployment, builds, or secret retrieval within the respective cloud provider environments.

> GCP integration and AWS integration is currently available for utilization.
> Please refer to Harness documentation for more info on: [GCP Connectors with OIDC](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/ref-cloud-providers/gcs-connector-settings-reference/#use-openid-connect-oidc) and [AWS Connector with OIDC](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/ref-cloud-providers/aws-connector-settings-reference/#credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Does Harness enforce any policy that denies the fetching of the latest tag of an image, as indicated by the error message : `admission webhook: <webhook-name> denied the request. Validation error: An image tag is required. rule require-image-tag failed at path`?

> Harness does not enforce any policy regarding fetching the latest tag of images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness does not enforce any policy regarding fetching the latest image tags.
```

To debug this error, consider the following implementations:
- Ensure the correct image tag is specified in the YAML configuration.
- Refer to the Harness documentation for the correct expression usage, particularly regarding the retrieval of the latest published tag: [Latest Published Tag](https://developer.harness.io/kb/continuous-delivery/articles/last-published-tag/)

#### Does Harness support coverage testing in Python? Additionally, can coverage testing be used alongside split testing?

Yes, Harness supports code coverage testing alongside split testing in Python.

> Please refer to Harness documentation on: [Code coverage in Harness CI](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-tests/code-coverage) and [Split tests (parallelism) in Harness CI](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-tests/speed-up-ci-test-pipelines-using-parallelism)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [Code coverage in Harness CI](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-tests/code-coverage) and [Split tests (parallelism) in Harness CI](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-tests/speed-up-ci-test-pipelines-using-parallelism) for more information.
```

Reviewer: This is a candidate for CI FAQ.

#### Does the `/rebase` command functional when used from the PR comment?

Yes, Harness supports the `/rebase` command from PR comments.
If encountering a failure, please verify that there are no conflicts present in the git branch being utilized.
Please refer to Harness documentation for more info on: [Git Repository Merge PRs](https://developer.harness.io/docs/code-repository/pull-requests/merge-pr/)

#### Does Harness support Test Intelligence (TI) for Python in CI?

Yes, this feature is currently behind the FF: `CI_PYTHON_TI`.
To enable TI for Python use three steps:
- Add the Run Tests step. 
- Trigger test selection.
- (Optional) Add test splitting.

> Please refer to Harness documentation for more info on: [Enable TI for Python](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-tests/test-intelligence/ti-for-python/)

Reviewer: Move these to code repo and CI FAQs

Author: Removed as of now, will have it in next PR

#### Does Harness support storing the Terraform Plan on the Harness Delegate temporarily?

> Yes, Users can now store the terraform plan on the delegate and leverage it in the apply step. This now by passes the restriction to store the plan in a secrets manager and lets users store it locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, Users can now store the terraform plan on the delegate and leverage it in the apply step. This now bypasses the restriction to store the plan in a secrets manager and let users store it locally.
```

> This feature is behind the FF: `CDS_STORE_TERRAFORM_PLAN_FILE_LOCALLY_ON_DELEGATE` and on delegate version `827xx or more`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is behind the feature flag, `CDS_STORE_TERRAFORM_PLAN_FILE_LOCALLY_ON_DELEGATE`. Harness Delegate version 827xx or later is required for this feature.
```

> Please refer to Harness documentation for more info: [Store Terraform Plan on Harness Delegate](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terraform-infra/run-a-terraform-plan-with-the-terraform-plan-step/#store-terraform-plan-on-harness-delegate) and [Demo Video](https://www.loom.com/share/bc5a4f382d584b228b4ea2c82eb94a7c?sid=b9fac5c3-c11b-4f50-acff-f4fd2b3cc83a)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [Store Terraform Plan on Harness Delegate](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terraform-infra/run-a-terraform-plan-with-the-terraform-plan-step/#store-terraform-plan-on-harness-delegate) and [Demo Video](https://www.loom.com/share/bc5a4f382d584b228b4ea2c82eb94a7c?sid=b9fac5c3-c11b-4f50-acff-f4fd2b3cc83a) for more information.
```
